Document new WAL errors (#392)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: debugging/error-codes.mdx

  An alternative is to create explicit policies for the replication role. If you have done that,
  you may ignore this warning.

- **PSYNC_S1146**:
  Replication slot invalidated.
  

>   The replication slot was invalidated by PostgreSQL, typically because WAL retention exceeded `max_slot_wal_keep_size` during a long-running snapshot. Increase `max_slot_wal_keep_size` on the source database and redeploy Sync Streams/Sync Rules to trigger a fresh snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The replication slot was invalidated by PostgreSQL, typically because WAL retention exceeded `max_slot_wal_keep_size` during a long-running snapshot. Increase `max_slot_wal_keep_size` on the source database and delete the existing replication slot to recover. PowerSync will create a new slot and restart replication automatically.
```

>   Other causes: `rows_removed` (catalog rows needed by the slot were removed), `wal_level_insufficient`, or `idle_timeout` (PostgreSQL 18+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other causes: `rows_removed` (catalog rows needed by the slot were removed), `wal_level_insufficient`, or `idle_timeout`. 

`idle_timeout` is a PostgreSQL 18+ slot invalidation, in this case increase `idle_replication_slot_timeout` instead of `max_slot_wal_keep_size`.
```
